.nh
.TH "GH-AUTH-LOGIN" "1" "Jun 2022" "GitHub CLI 2.13.0" "GitHub CLI manual"

.SH NAME
.PP
gh-auth-login - Authenticate with a GitHub host


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fB\fCgh auth login [flags]\fR


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Authenticate with a GitHub host.

.PP
The default authentication mode is a web-based browser flow. After completion, an
authentication token will be stored internally.

.PP
Alternatively, use \fB\fC--with-token\fR to pass in a token on standard input.
The minimum required scopes for the token are: "repo", "read:org".

.PP
Alternatively, gh will use the authentication token found in environment variables.
This method is most suitable for "headless" use of gh such as in automation. See
\fB\fCgh help environment\fR for more info.

.PP
To use gh in GitHub Actions, add \fB\fCGH_TOKEN: ${{secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN}}\fR to "env".


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\fC-p\fR, \fB\fC--git-protocol\fR \fB\fC<string>\fR
The protocol to use for git operations: {ssh|https}

.TP
\fB\fC-h\fR, \fB\fC--hostname\fR \fB\fC<string>\fR
The hostname of the GitHub instance to authenticate with

.TP
\fB\fC-s\fR, \fB\fC--scopes\fR \fB\fC<strings>\fR
Additional authentication scopes to request

.TP
\fB\fC-w\fR, \fB\fC--web\fR
Open a browser to authenticate

.TP
\fB\fC--with-token\fR
Read token from standard input


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
# start interactive setup
$ gh auth login

# authenticate against github.com by reading the token from a file
$ gh auth login --with-token < mytoken.txt

# authenticate with a specific GitHub instance
$ gh auth login --hostname enterprise.internal


.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fB\fCgh-auth(1)\fR
